# OIL-SPILL-DETECTION-ON-SEA-SURFACE-USING-SAR-IMAGES
Pollution by oil spills in open sea and coastal waters, whether accidental or deliberate, is a major problem, due to frequent transport of goods by ships, and represents a serious threat to the marine environment. Identification of an oil spill is essential to evaluate the potential spread and float from the source to the adjacent coastal terrains. Usage of the Synthetic Aperture RADAR (SAR) information for recognition and checking of oil spills has got extensive consideration because of their wide area inclusion, day-night and all-weather capabilities. In existing system, they use some sensor to detect oil. But it is not easy for every time. And it doesn’t have accurate output. To overcome that we proposed new system by using MATLAB. The present examination studies an oil spill occurred in some regions by applying Sentinel 1 SAR-C images. Approaches dependent on MATLAB images examination have been produced for distinguishing oil spills from referred to common leaks just as oil slick procedures. In this work, Oil spill is located on the ocean/sea using YOLO algorithm with MATLAB. In this project, one of these techniques is associated with Sentinel 1 images of a known region of natural oil leakage and of an ongoing oil slick in incident zone. The Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) is perceived as the most significant remote sensing apparatus for the ocean and ocean waters oil slick examination and propagation. The results will give better outputs when compared to existing works.
